what does the lion say does the lion say
moo moo moo
[Music]
the lion is saying Moo you think he
makes a mistake what are you trying to
say 9 no lion says Moo this is this is a
special lion who says moo moo the lion
who says move is yours at the Oh yours
is a duck so Alexandre your duck also
can say move your duck can sound you can
say quack quack move just sometimes
why don't you sometimes you can say Moo
also just sometimes you and I can say
Moo sometimes we are people but
sometimes we say Moo ok
roar roar Moo ok so oh so this one is a
cow oh so maybe maybe they oh it's a
sheep you think so well you know but me
maybe it can sometimes say Moo maybe you
can say baa baa Moo just to change
no we're people but we can sometimes say
move
[Music]
sigh I think I think it is a smart sheep
it can say baa baa Moo
I think it's okay I think it can
sometimes say move
[Music]